(A):
In my case for this test I got an accuracy of 100% for both classes. 
Reason 1: Class 0 is the opposite of class 1 due the the mean and same corresponding variance, meaning its easier to identify which is which.
Reason 2: The variance is rather small i.e. its noise impact will not be large, meaning classification becomes easier thus more accurate.
Reason 3: If we think about the distributions are also very far apart further indicating the unlikely event of a datapoint being between both distributions.
Reason 4: Since the noice is relatively small and we have such a small number of datapoints we can state that the probability of the classes to overlap are not significant.

(B)
1. Increasing the number of datapoints n will lead to a more realistic comparison and the classs approaches to its corresponding distribution, the accuracy stays relatively high (on same distributions as provided in the test case).
    Just to mention it in general if we are given classes that have a SUPER small chance of overlapping we may assume that increasing the number datapoints will lead to more accuracy.
    This is NOT the case if classes overlap alot, i.e. each class is very similar or almost the same.  
2. Having significantly different mean values for each class will make classification easier.
    By having the means very far a part will almost prevent overlapping (assuming the STD is relatively small).
3. Lowering the standard deviation results in less noice thus easier classification thus more accuracy.
    In other words the more we spread the data (increace the STD) for each class the harder the classification becomes (in a general sense).

Additional thinking: If we imagine how these classes behave in terms of linear algebra, stochastic calculus and machine learning of course.
    We might suggest that increasing the number of dimensions on any given data, the classification becomes harder and harder.
    The mathematical proof for this is something that i would like to see, and if the person grading this project knows where to find it please let me know.